# Eshopping
Created an online shopping web portal using C++ catering different needs of people interested in buying fashion online. Users will be able to find the following options after opening the portal:

Account
Shop
Checkout Created two forms that provides users with the choice of SignUp and SignIn. While Signing Up, the details required are Unique Id and password with the help of which users can access the account next time they will sign in into the account. Created a page that provides users with different shopping options such as:
Men
Women Both these categories will feature Clothing and footwear. Upon selection of a particular category users can ask for what they desire to look and buy. In order to refine the selection they can select discounted, non-discounted products separately if they desire. If an article is on discount then their MRP, discount percentage and price after discount will be displayed. Users will be able to decide the quantity of a particular article. Selection of a particular article will put that article in cart. The application will charge GST only on discounted products based on certain rules*. Your application should ask repeatedly if the user is willing to continue shopping after selection of a particular product. Created a page which can show user their Cart (Users can delete an article in cart section) and also provides the option of Placing the Order. If the user is not already signed in into the application then before placing the order user will be be asked to login. User will be provided with an order placed message.
*any piece of apparel or clothing would be taxed at 5% GST if the taxable value of the goods does not exceed Rs.1000 per piece. All types of apparel and clothing of sale value exceeding Rs. 1000 per piece would be taxed at 12% GST. Footwear having a retail sale price not exceeding Rs.500 per pair is taxed at 5% GST, if the retail sale price is indelibly marked or embossed on the footwear itself. For all other types of footwear, a GST rate of 18% is applicable.